DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Just for the Shun of It!\"
Hurry up, Runo, I'm starving!
Yeah, a little service would be nice!
Step on it, Runo!
Hold your horses!
Wow, I've never been this popular in all my life!
Or am I?
Oh, who am I kidding.
It's Alice who they're ga-ga over, not me...
Boys! Hmp! Who needs 'em!
Gee whiz Dan, I never imagined I'd see Runo
jealous of anyone...
Hey, keep it down, Marucho...
Never get involved in a cat fight...
Runo, a little help please?
\"Huh?\"
I can't believe this...
Marucho, go get some coffee,
Alice is totally useless!
Yeah, alright...
Hurry up, Runo!
I'm starving!
I'm coming!
Yo, what up, homeboy?
Huh?
Yeah Preyas?
Where am I supposed to find coffee?
Whoa, the mother lode!
Come on!
[grunting]
[scream]
What?
Both Runo and Marucho went to see Shun?
Shhhh! Zip it, would ya?
Marucho would put me in cement shoes
if he ever found out I squealed!
Let's just say they dropped by his house...
Gotta tell ya, Danny old boy,
it was weirdest place I've ever seen.
This old cuss had Ninja booby traps
hidden all over the house.
Spears came outta the walls and everything!
Not to mention the throwing stars!
I'm lucky I came outta there alive!
I swear...
[scream]
ALL: Alice, what is it?
Hey pal!
Ya mind? You're scaring Alice!
THINKING: Oh oh, he knows about Shun...
We're not worthy!
I know this doesn't look good Dan,
but we were going to tell you...
honest...
It's just that we need Shun on our side
to beat that creep Masquerade...
And after all that, Shun just told us to get lost...
Might I interject?
Keep out of this!
Don't have to tell me twice!
We're so sorry, Dan!
DRAGO: Well Daniel?
He's just stubborn...
If he doesn't want to talk, that's his problem.
But Runo!
But nothing!
He's being a big baby...
You're the baby!
Would you grow up?
Just how many Bakugan does Masquerade have to steal
before you realize we need Shun?
I wish for once you'd swallow your pride
and listen for a change!
But if you're willing to go it alone and lose Drago
to the Doom Dimension, be my guest!
Marucho and me want no part of it!
So be a jerk!
Who even cares!
That's enough!
Come on, guys, calm down!
Why can't we all just get along?
RUNO: Whatever.
Thanks for coming, Dan!
[raspberry]
Hey, I couldn't just let you two go alone!
Besides, you need me to beat that creep!
That's the spirit!
We'll have Shun eating out of our hands in no time!
PREYAS: Like that will ever happen!
Enough!
I know...
put a lid on it...
Sheesh, talk about grumpy...
PREYAS: Well, excuse me!
SKYRESS: I see...
You haven't decided, have you?
All I know is that I will battle Dan.
Once I've defeated him, I'll make my decision
whether or not to keep playing Bakugan...
[door creaks]
This place is quiet, almost too quiet...
Better keep our eyes peeled.
Remember all those booby traps?
Dan, no!
PREYAS: Don't leave us behind!
Hey!
Dan please!
Don't go in there!
Dan... no...
Hey, nothing happened...
Maybe that old man took out his traps...
Let's check this out!
Oh come on, why does everything always happen to us?
DRAGO: Be careful Dan, trouble may be afoot...
Huh?
Shun!
I've been expecting you, Dan...
But I didn't think this day would come so soon.
It's good to see you, Shun...
Masquerade!
What is he doing here?
Better question- why has Shun hooked up with him?
The Doom Card!
Shun, what'd ya doing hangin' out
with scum like him?
Dan, Dan, Dan...
when will you ever learn...
Well Shun, I think it's time we eliminate him...
Didn't you... hear me?
I play this game solo...
So don't think you're the boss of me,
because you're not.
Not your smartest decision, Shun...
But I respect it...
That leaves me with only one choice...
and that's to bring Dan down personally...
Hey, you wanna battle?
DRAGO: Your time has come, Masquerade!
Huh?
Outta my way...
my house, my battle!
I got an idea!
I'll take both of you losers on at once!
You know, take out two birds with one stone...
Unless of course those two birds are...
big ol' yellow bellied chickens!
You talk big, but can you back it up?
This is our chance, Shun!
Field Open!
[screaming]
Doom Card...
Set...
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Laserman Stand!
BAKU-POD: Battle Begins...
Laserman opens at 370 Gs.
Awaiting opponent...
Bakugan Brawl!
Stinglash Stand!
[growl]
Ha! Nice try!
Leap Sting Ability Activate!
Whoa, talk about fully loaded!
Oh no!
He attacked Pyrus Stinglash
with a completely different ability Card!
MASQUERADE: My Leap Sting is a unique Ability
which has the Darkus Attribute
that lets me attack from pretty well anywhere.
And let's just say it's pretty versatile!
Stinglash!
[growl]
I can't believe it!
He sent Stinglash to the Doom Dimension!
So that's the...
Doom Dimension...
Yes...
once a Bakugan has been sent there,
it can never return.
It's the place we fear the most, Shun...
Knowing this, do you still wish to continue?
Well?
Bakugan... Brawl!
Monarus Stand!
Bakugan Brawl!
Reaper Stand!
BAKU-POD: Reaper 370 Gs...
Heads up, kid!
Ah man, is that the best you can do?
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Gargonoid Stand!
BAKU-POD: Still processing data...
'Kay Dan, let's get this started!
Ability Card Activate!
Air Battle!
Monarus is flyin' outside the Card Zone!
DRAGO: In Air Battle mode,
Shun's Monarus possesses that unique Ability.
It's a Wind Attribute that allows it the freedom
of movement beyond the Cards below.
That's not all, Dan...
When I'm in Air Battle mode...
You're Gate Card won't open!
Monarus... Attack!
This is nuts!
I lost again...
Snap!
Good job.
The Bakugan Battle continues after this!
Now back to Bakugan Brawlers!
BAKU-POD: Gargonoid defeated.
Second battle loss...Dan.
Looks like you're down to just Drago.
But not for long!
Bakugan Brawl!
Laserman Stand!
BAKU-POD: Commencing third battle...
This is our last chance, Drago.
And heads up, they can attack from anywhere!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKU-POD: Battle begins...
En Guarde, Reaper!
I'm ready when you are, Drago.
Gate Card Open!
Third Judgement Activate!
C'mon Drago, go get 'em!
Prepare for the Doom Dimension, my friend!
The Third Judgement Card will ensure you have
a pleasant journey there!
This is it...
Can you feel it?
Our moment of victory, Shun...
Sorry...
But I play solo...
Bakugan Brawl!
Monarus Stand!
BAKU-POD: Sensing new Brawler...
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
Three against one!
Whoa! Incredible!
BAKU-POD: Hydranoid at 450 Gs.
I've never seen a Bakugan that strong!
Very observant, human.
For I am the most powerful Bakugan ever!
And I have no limit!
I feed off the Bakugan I send to the Doom Dimension
just I'll feed upon your precious Drago!
That ends here and now, Hydranoid!
Ability Card Activate!
Boosted Dragon!
This is revenge for all the Bakugan you cast
into the Doom Dimension!
Atta boy!
What the?
Is that the best you can do?
[evil laugh]
No!
Bon voyage, Drago!
Drago!
Ability Card Activate!
Crimson Twister!
Attack Now!
But Shun! Your Monarus!
You sacrificed her... to save my Drago?
Don't get too excited...
Trust me, our battle is far from over...
just you and me, Dan...
That's only one down, human!
Your pathetic pet lizard
doesn't stand a chance against me!
Now, to end this...
What?
No, I beg of you!
Don't do this, Master!
Sorry, only one Bakugan
can survive Third Judgement.
Ah man, this is insane!
You're gonna send your own Bakugan
to the Doom Dimension?
Yes...
His services are no longer needed...
You'll pay for thiiissssssss...
How could you do something like that, Masquerade?
There are rules...
and you just crossed the line!
Sorry Dan, but...
I play by my own...
rules...
Let's get back to our little battle,
shall we, gentlemen?
So now what?
We finish it.
You can't be serious?
Huh?
You decide.
Play it if you must...
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Falconeer Stand!
BAKU-POD: Fourth battle commencing...
collecting data...
You confuse me, Shun...
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
BAKU-POD: Displaying Current power levels.
Gate Card... Open!
Triple Battle!
Watch and learn, boys!
My Triple Battle Command Card engages
when three Bakugan go head to head!
Nice move...
Danny-boy thinks he can team up with you
to beat me...
Well?
THINKING: C'mon Shun, ya gotta help me!
THINKING: Let's see...
if these two jokers try to blind side me,
I think I'll counter with my Darkus Gravity
and then bring Laserman in to do the dirty work...
Between my Hydranoid and Laserman,
they'll both be in the Doom Dimension in no time.
Skyress... listen up...
time to join the battle...
Done.
Masquerade!
I've had enough of your games!
You just use people...
and you destroy their Bakugan!
Alright!
You're finished!
Bakugan Brawl!
Skyress Stand!
Nice to have you back, Shun!
Now, let's get busy!
BAKU-POD: Bakugan Battle begins...
Way to go, Shun!
I just knew you wouldn't let me down!
Are you ready?
Yeah!
Welcome to the party, Skyress!
Too bad you won't be around to enjoy it!
Ability Activate!
Chaos... of the...
Darkness...
Ability Card Activate...
Fire Wall!
It's not working!
His card... disappeared!
Hydranoid is evolving...
Thanks to you, boys...
He's what?
Hydranoid's destroying everything!
We gotta stop him somehow,
but what'd we supposed to do, Shun?
Aim at his mouth!
Yeah!
Common do it, Drago!
We've got to penetrate Hydranoid with one clean shot!
I'll divert his attention!
Drago!
Boosted Dragon!
Noo! Hydranoid!
MASQUERADE: You got lucky...
this time...
But remember...
Soon you'll both be headed to the Doom Dimension!
We won...
Yeah, now our battle is about to begin!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire Tornado!
Nice move, Skyress!
Thanks for noticing, Drago...
Time to turn up the heat a few degrees!
Ability Card Activate!
Green Nobility Violent Wind!
BAKU-POD: Skyress Power to 720 Gs.
[screaming]
DAN: We won...
That Green Nobility move you used back there
was pretty slick.
I gotta tell ya, I'm impressed!
No!
I helped you out to get Masquerade out of the way!
That wasn't a win!
We defeated him together, Shun!
SHUN: No, Dan!
That battle was for me!
For my own selfish reasons!
I gave up this game and I thought it was for good...
Now I'm not so sure...
I'm sorry, Dan...
I tried...
Man, you're stubborn!
You wouldn't know a compliment
if it hit you in the face, would ya?
Hey, sorry for wiggin' out on you.
And I guess I should thank you for what you did back there...
You saved Drago...
No, I should be thanking you...
You made me see things in a different light...
What'd ya mean?
It's like this, Dan...
A few months back I guess I gave up on playing Bakugan.
I was kind of confused...
Oh sure I was number one but I was bored...
You can't be serious, Shun!
But battling with you showed me something...
It's not how high you're ranked...
It's all about real friendship, Dan!
And we've got a mission!
To defeat Masquerade once and for all!
This is our game...
and we have to save it Dan!
Wow, Shun!
That's some speech!
I'm just goofin'!
Glad to see your back to your old self, bud!
And you're right...
we gotta beat Masquerade once and for all!
And you never know...
You might even beat me one day!
You're a true friend Dan...
Aw, shucks...
Buds.
PREYAS: How touching!
Does anyone have a tissue
because I'm leaking like crazy!
Humans are so strange...
PREYAS: Seriously! Leaking! Big time!
A little help over here!
Someone? Anyone?
Hey, this is Dan
and coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers
we try to get the lowdown
on that mysterious dude, Hal-G!
The Brawlers decide to leave home
and take a little road trip
to this creepy old mansion out in the country.
Once inside, we find out it's totally hi-tech
filled with the most bizarre gear
you could ever imagine!
It's like something outta of a crazy sci-fi movie
times a million!
And creepier!
You gotta check it out!
Bakugan Brawl!
See ya there!